docs: updated file-service s3 guide (#4921)
medusajs/medusa: www/docs/content/plugins/file-service/s3.mdx

3. `<YOUR_BUCKET_REGION>` is the region code of your bucket. For example, `us-east-1`.
4. `<YOUR_ACCESS_KEY_ID>` is the Access Key ID that you created for your user.
5. `<YOUR_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>` is the Secret Access Key that you created for your user.
6. `<YOUR_CACHE_CONTROL>` is the value for caching the objects in a web browser or CDN network. For example: cache object for 10 hours, `max-age=36000`

> 7. `<YOUR_DOWNLOAD_FILE_DURATION_AMOUNT>` is the expiry duration for a download url. For example: expires in 1 hour, `3600`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. `<YOUR_DOWNLOAD_FILE_DURATION_AMOUNT>` is the expiry duration for a download URL. For example, you can set the value to ``3600`` if you want the download URL to expire in 1 hour.
```
